feat(contract-notifier): implement expiring contracts notifier (#3509)
UMAprotocol/protocol: packages/contract-notifier/README.md

# UMA Contracts Notifier

> This app continuously attempts to monitor UMA financial contracts and sends notifications based on predefined conditions. Currently the app implements only expiring contracts notifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This app continuously monitors UMA financial contracts and sends notifications based on predefined conditions. Currently the app implements only expiration notifications on LSP contracts.
```

Author: Its not limited to LSP, so any expiring contracts served by UMA API would be covered (also EMPs)

## Contract expiration notifier

Contract notifier uses UMA API to fetch all known financial contracts, filters soon to expire contracts and notifies them through logging mechanism that can forward it to Slack or any other configured transport mechanism. Notified contracts are stored on Google Datastore, so on repeated runs the application does not notify the same contracts.

### Environment variables

> The expiring contracts notifier uses following environment variables:

Reviewer: thanks for documenting this!
